.\" Based on template /usr/share/man-db/examples/manpage.example provided by 
.\" Tom Christiansen <tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>.
.TH SQLFORMAT "1" "December 2010" "python-sqlparse version: 0.1.2" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sqlformat \- reformat SQL
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B sqlformat
[
.I "OPTION"
] ... [
.I "FILE"
] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Putting a newline after each sentence can generate better output.
The `sqlformat' command-line tool can be used to reformat SQL file according to
specified options or prepare a snippet in in some programming language (only
Python and PHP currently supported).
Use "-" for
.I FILE
to read from stdin.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fICHOICE\fR|\fB\-\-identifiers\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR
Change case of identifiers.
.I FORMAT
is one of "upper", "lower", "capitalize".
.TP
\fB\-k\fR \fICHOICE\fR|\fB\-\-keywords\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR
Change case of keywords.
.I FORMAT
is one of "upper", "lower", "capitalize".
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fICHOICE\fR|\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANG\fR
Output a snippet in programming language LANG.
.I LANG
can be "python", "php".
.TP
\fB\-o\fR \fIFILE\fR|\fB\-\-outfile\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Write output to
.I FILE
(defaults to stdout).
.TP
.BR \-r | \-\-reindent
Reindent statements.
.TP
\fB\-\-indent_width\fR=\fIINDENT_WIDTH\fR
Set indent width to
.IR INDENT_WIDTH .
Default is 2 spaces.
.TP
\fB\-\-wrap_after\fR=\fIWRAP_AFTER\fR
The column limit for wrapping comma-separated lists. If unspecified, it
puts every item in the list on its own line.
.TP
\fB\-\-strip\-comments
Remove comments.
.TP
.BR \-h | \-\-help
Print a short help message and exit.
All subsequent options are ignored.
.TP
.BR --verbose
Verbose output.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Print program's version number and exit.
.SH AUTHORS
This man page was written by Andriy Senkovych <jolly_roger@itblog.org.ua>
